Below is a numbered list of all Git commands used in our conversation, with each command summarized in one sentence for clarity. This list is formatted for easy conversion to a PDF reference.
Git Commands Reference
git clone https://github.com/jhevener/AudioWizard.git
Clones the AudioWizard repository from GitHub to your local machine.
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
Sets your Git username globally for commit authorship.
git config --global user.email "your.email@example.com"
Sets your Git email globally for commit authorship.
git status
Displays the current status of your working directory and staging area.
git add .
Stages all changes in the current directory for the next commit.
git add file.txt
Stages a specific file (e.g., file.txt) for the next commit.
git commit -m "Commit message"
Commits staged changes with a descriptive message (e.g., "Initial commit").
git push
Pushes committed changes to the remote repository on GitHub.
git branch
Lists all branches in the repository, with the current branch marked.
git branch branch-name
Creates a new branch named branch-name in the repository.
git checkout branch-name
Switches to the specified branch (e.g., branch-name).
git checkout -b branch-name
Creates and switches to a new branch named branch-name in one command.
git pull
Fetches and merges changes from the remote repository into your local branch.
git fetch
Fetches changes from the remote repository without merging them.
git restore --staged file.txt
Unstages a specific file (e.g., file.txt) from the next commit.
git restore file.txt
Discards uncommitted changes to a specific file (e.g., file.txt).
git log
Shows the commit history for the current branch.
git rm -r --cached folder_name
Removes a folder (e.g., folder_name) from Git tracking without deleting it locally.
git stash
Temporarily saves uncommitted changes to a stash for later use.
git stash pop
Reapplies the most recently stashed changes and removes them from the stash.
git reset --hard
Resets the working directory and index to the last commit, discarding all uncommitted changes.
git init
Initializes a new Git repository in the current directory.
git commit -m "Initial commit with project files"
Commits the initial set of project files with a descriptive message.
git remote add origin https://github.com/<username>/AudioWizard.git
Adds a remote repository URL (e.g., for AudioWizard) as origin.
git branch -M main
Renames the current branch to main and sets it as the default branch.
git push -u origin main
Pushes the main branch to the remote repository and sets it as the upstream branch.
git config --global core.autocrlf false
Disables automatic line ending conversion to prevent LF/CRLF issues on Windows.
git filter-repo --invert-paths --path docs/bass-chms.pdf
Removes a specific file (e.g., bass-chms.pdf) from the entire Git history.
git log -- docs/bass-chms.pdf
Checks the commit history for a specific file (e.g., bass-chms.pdf).
git push -u origin main --force
Force pushes the main branch to the remote, overwriting its history, and sets upstream.
git remote -v
Displays the URLs of the remote repositories associated with the local repo.
git remote set-url origin https://github.com/jhevener/3DAudioStudio.git
Updates the remote URL for origin to the correct repository (e.g., 3DAudioStudio).
git push --set-upstream origin main
Pushes the main branch to the remote and sets origin/main as the upstream branch.
git pull origin main
Fetches and merges changes from the main branch of the origin remote.
git filter-repo --invert-paths --path src/AutoIt/AudioWizard/sqlite3_x64.dll --path src/AutoIt/AudioWizard/models.db
Removes specific files (e.g., sqlite3_x64.dll, models.db) from the Git history.
git rm -r AutoIt Logs
Removes the AutoIt and Logs directories from Git tracking.
git add src/AutoIt
Stages the src/AutoIt directory and its contents for the next commit.
git checkout abc123 -- .
Restores all files from a specific commit (e.g., abc123) to the current working directory.
git log --oneline
Displays a condensed commit history with one line per commit.
Notes for PDF
Copy this list into a text editor (e.g., Word).
Use a 10pt font (e.g., Arial), set margins to 0.5 inches, and it should fit on 1-2 pages.
Each command is numbered with a one-sentence explanation for clarity.
Let me know if you’re ready to proceed with troubleshooting the script or any other task!